-----------
NPC-NPC BANTERS
-----------

=======
Contents

Jaheira - 1
Ajantis - 1
Montaron - 1
Kivan - 2
	Post-revenge?
	Let's Have a smoke
Minsc - 1
Quayle - 1
Safana - 1
Alora - 6
	Flirting and Rhyming
	Pick Pocketing Contest
	Sneaky Handjob
	Honeymoon
	Parental Drama
	Resolution and a Promise
Coran - 2
	Lover, Fighter, Hunter
	Curves
Eldoth - 2
	Douchebaggery + Garrick
	General Douchebaggery
Garrick - 3
	Life is Glorious
	Favorite Instrument
	More Flattery
Imoen - 2
	Pick Pocket Charname
	Imaginary Friends
Tiax - 1
Xan - 1
Baeloth - 1
Neera - 2
	Wild Mage Drama
	Fireball
Shar-Teel - 1

Total Banters: 29
=======

JAHEIRA - GALILEO 1
Jaheira: It is fascinating for a halfling to be a follower of Finder Wyvernspur.
Galileo: Aye, you're quite right about that. He's not exactly the most popular god to begin with. You are a Harper, no?
Jaheira: Correct. How did you become acquainted with our organization?
Galileo: My old music teacher is a Harper, and quite the admirable man. I hold a lot of respect for them. Mystra sure did get Finder out of a hell of a lot of trouble.
Jaheira: While it is not my place to question her actions, I do wonder why Mystra bothered. Finder was quite irresponsible in his actions.
Galileo: It is the tale of an impassioned artist becoming too arrogant in his own works, and the consequences it presents.
Jaheira: Yes, I suppose so. And have you taken that lesson to heart?
Galileo: Aye, I've attempted to. Honestly, most folks don't appreciate my original pieces, so it's quite humbling, you see.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - AJANTIS 1
Galileo: There was a young squire named Ajantis
He impressed us all with the way he would flaunt his
Skills in charisma, the sword and board
No song can capture his honor, no muse nor chord
Galileo: His passion for knighthood only surpassed
By his impossible, impassable dedication to integrity
Ajantis' heart, truly courageous and vast
On the front lines, unafraid to get his hands dirty
Galileo: I do not know if I'll live long as he
But this knight on the battlefield is something to see.
Ajantis: You bring me great pride with your words, Galileo.
Galileo: It was my pleasure.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - MONTARON 1
Galileo: I find myself wondering how a halfling became so bitter and rude.
Montaron: Eyes on the road, keep walking and quit talking, runt.
Galileo: Runt? I'm barely any smaller than you.
Montaron: There's more to me than meets the eye. Enjoy the sight while it lasts.
Galileo: You either prophesied your own demise or threatened to remove my eyes. I'd ask which it was, but from what I've experienced of your company thus far, I reckon I already know the answer.
<IF XZAR IS IN THE PARTY>
Xzar: Oho! Quite the clever one, isn't he, Monty?
Montaron: Blast the both of ye to the ninth circle of Hell! What does it take to get a little quiet?
<IF XZAR IS NOT IN THE PARTY>
Montaron: Keep that in mind and shut your mouth, lest you lose your tongue as well.
Galileo: But I'm rather attached to my eyes, though, you see.
Montaron: Blast you and your obnoxious wordplay! What does it take to get a little quiet?
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - KIVAN 1
Galileo: Perhaps this is a touch personal, but what do you plan to do once you have exacted your revenge, Kivan?
Galileo: ...
Galileo: I guess you're not too interested in talking about this.
Kivan: Shut up.
Galileo: Okay!
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - KIVAN 2
Galileo: Kivan, I like you, even if you don't like me.
Kivan: Perhaps when Tazok's body lies mangled at my feet, we can smoke and reminisce about the good old days. That's what halflings do for fun, right?
Galileo: Hah! Something like that. You've got yourself a deal.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - MINSC 1
Galileo: Minsc, may I hold your rodent?
Minsc: This is no mere rodent! Boo is a giant miniature space hamster, of such density that he may snap a small man's wrists just holding him!
Galileo: Small man? I'm a halfling.
Minsc: Yes, a halfling, that's right. I had forgotten.
Galileo: He isn't kidding about that head wound, is he? Here I thought it was a convenient excuse for the abduction of his girlfriend, or whatever.
1. He practically threatened us with bodily harm if we didn't help him save his witch. I think it's a legitimate excuse.
	Galileo: Frightening. He's a great warrior, to be sure, but his instability is worrisome. <END DIALOGUE>
2. Who knows?
	Galileo: Fair enough. He's a great warrior, to be sure, but his instability is worrisome. <END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - QUAYLE 1
Galileo: Hello, Quayle.
Quayle: Don't waste my time. What do you need?
Galileo: Fair enough! I won't disguise my intentions. I plan to show our party what a fool you are through a series of mental tests. Are you prepared?
Quayle: I'll pass any test you throw at me, and then we'll see who the real fool is for questioning my intellect!
Galileo: What comes down but never goes up?
Quayle: Rain, of course.
Galileo: Which weighs more, a pound of feathers or a pound of bricks?
Quayle: Neither! They both weigh one pound, obviously.
Galileo: Not bad. What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it?
Quayle: What? That's a mathematical impossibility. How stupid do you think I am?
Galileo: Hah! The answer is the word, "short." How can a pantaloon pocket be empty and still have something in it?
Quayle: I don't know, some dust or some such. I grow tired of this stupidity.
Galileo: The pantaloon pocket can have a hole in it. What is at the end of a rainbow?
Quayle: Enough! These stupid tests are no measure of intelligence! A sharp tongue is different than a sharp mind.
Galileo: Whatever you say, Quayle.
Quayle: I wouldn't expect a simpleton such as yourself to understand.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - SAFANA 1
Galileo: I feel as if there's something dark about you that I cannot put my finger on for the life of me. I'm not sure as I trust you.
Safana: Don't be so callous and presume to know me. I assure you I have the party's best interests at heart. Were I made leader -- which would be a prudent choice -- this party would have no room allocated for little men such as yourself. The Sword Coast grows such big men, it's shocking to see us settle for you.
Galileo: I'm a halfling, not a little man! Besides, I'm quite useful in my way! Oh, the nerve!
Safana: Now you know how I feel when you question my loyalty.
Galileo: I don't like her!
1. Silence yourself, Galileo. You're complaining like a child. Perhaps "little man" is an apt description.
	Galileo: Ooh! I'm being repressed! <END DIALOGUE>
2. *Quietly* Galileo, I know she's a snake, but we need her services.
	Galileo: You're playing a dangerous game with this subversive woman, <CHARNAME>. <END DIALOGUE>
3. I can't have you two bickering, this group needs to function as a unit. Should we fail in that, any one of us could die at any moment.
	Galileo: Fine, fine. <END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ALORA 1
Galileo: There is something very enchanting about your very nature, miss.
Alora: Huh? Oh, me? Well... Thanks! What makes you say that?
Galileo: Where do I begin? From your hair that practically glows, to your cute little nose, I suppose your natural beauty just shows.
Alora: Oh, that's a nice poem.
Galileo: On top of that, your dexterity is unmatched. I must admit that I have grown rather attached, as if I have met my match.
Alora: Those are some impressive rhymes! How long have you been working on that?
Galileo: It's all spur of the moment, pure inspiration. It's easy when I have such a ... stimulating ... young lady before me.
1. Stimulating? How scandalous, Galileo.
	Galileo: Ack! Not like that. It appears my mental thesaurus has run its course. I must recuperate in silence and… And dark repose. Yes, that.
	Alora: Okay, but I'll miss you. <END DIALOGUE>
2. *Remain silent*
	Alora: You're silly, Galileo, but it's cute. <END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ALORA 2
Galileo: So, Alora, when are we going to have a pick pocketing contest?
Alora: Don't be silly! Whatever makes you think I would do something so... So...
Galileo: Nefarious?
Alora: Yes, nefarious! Pick pocketing is bad, Galileo! I'm a good girl, you know.
Galileo: Surely you jest. We bumped into you whilst robbing the Hall of Wonders!
Alora: How could you say that? I'm so sweet. I would never do such a rotten thing. Never!
Galileo: Alright, you had me going. Very funny, Alora. Bravo.
Alora: Teehee!
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ALORA 3
Galileo: I've been watching you, and I cannot help but admire your dexterity, Alora.
Alora: Oh, you're so sweet. The compliments never quit with you, do they?
Galileo: Not with you, they don't. Is there anything those nimble hands of yours' can't do, my lady?
Alora: Want to find out?
Galileo: I... What?
Galileo: Oh!
Galileo: Oh, that's very nice. Eh... Am I dreaming?
Alora: Heehee! Sorry, I just got so curious and… No one can know, okay? Bye for now!
Galileo: I... Alright. I suppose I'll admire you from afar.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ALORA 4
Galileo: When all of this is over, we'll have to make plans for our honeymoon, you know.
Alora: Ooh, what a nice thought! Where do you think we'd go?
Galileo: I'm sure we could go all sorts of places! All of Faerun, each and every last corner requests -- no, demands to be explored! Or at least, all of the parts that two dashing rogues can conquer alone.
Alora: Ha ha! We'd have the time of our lives.
Galileo: And along the way, why not see your family again? Back in Iriaebor, you said, right?
Alora: Home is also home to those nasty Black Talons. I don't think they like us too much.
Galileo: What ever gives you that thought? Hah! Wow… I had no idea.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ALORA 5
Galileo: Don't you want to see your parents again, Alora?
Alora: I'm okay without my parents, Galileo. Really. See, I'm still smiling, and I'm not gonna stop.
Galileo: Right, but… Is it really the Black Talons stopping you? You're practically invisible when you need to be. Am I missing something?
Alora: I don't want to talk about it. Stop, you might make me mopey. No one wants to see that.
Galileo: True, I suppose, but one must take the time to acknowledge their own emotions, mustn't they?
Alora: Why are you being like this? I can't make other people happy if I'm not happy. Talk to me again when you're more cheery!
Galileo: But I… What? (How is it possible to be that shallow?)
<END DIALOGUE>

ALORA - GALILEO 1 (BANTER #6)
Alora: I need you to promise me something, Galileo.
Galileo: What's that, dearest?
Alora: No more talking so serious. We don't need that. No one needs that! I think everything would be best if we were all smiling, all the time.
Galileo: *Sigh*
Galileo: Very well, then. I promise.
Alora: Yipee!
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - CORAN 1
Galileo: Ah, Coran. A lover, fighter, and hunter. Can one meet a more sophisticated adventurer?
Coran: Hah, you flatter me like someone who wants something from me! I am much obliged.
Galileo: If anything, I'd like an archery lesson. Or maybe some flirting tips, but I won't press my luck.
Coran: The road ahead is a long one, where boredom is a constant enemy. Perhaps I may impart some guidance, my friend.
Galileo: Huzzah!
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - CORAN 2
Galileo: Your skills cause me to question whether or not you ever put that bow down.
Coran: I only put aside the curve of my bow to place my hands on another set of curves.
Galileo: That's quite the wordplay there, Coran.
Coran: My wordplay comes second only to my foreplay, Galileo.
Galileo: Damn...
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - ELDOTH 1
Galileo: Your smarmy ways will be your eventual downfall, Eldoth.
Eldoth: I haven't the slightest clue what you're talking about, nor do I think I care to.
Galileo: So you say, but your facade grows weaker by the day.
<IF GARRICK IS IN PARTY>
Eldoth: My, that's quite the big word you're using there. Don't hurt yourself, I'm afraid there wouldn't be another dysfunctional musician in our group to fill in for you. Unless..? Garrick, my friend, we may have finally found a use for you.
Garrick: You're nothing but a big bully, Eldoth. I won't let your barbarous words bring me down.
Eldoth: Oh don't be silly, you hardly need me for that.
<IF GARRICK IS NOT IN PARTY>
Eldoth: My, that's quite the big word you're using there. Don't hurt yourself, I'm afraid there wouldn't be another dysfunctional musician in our group to fill in for you.
Galileo: Bah!
<END DIALOGUE>

ELDOTH - GALILEO 1
Eldoth: I must say, halfling, your muse continues to impress me more and more each passing day.
Galileo: Eh? What are you getting at, Eldoth?
Eldoth: It simply amazes me how your songs can go from dull and uninteresting to utter cacophony in a matter of moments. A unique talent, of that there can be no doubt.
Galileo: Well now, you're clearly missing the point of my music. Life possesses its simple pleasures just as much as it holds its fair share of horrors, does it not? My compositions reflect the art that abounds in our very lives!
Eldoth: I'm sorry, you lost me at "point." I'm afraid my eyes are growing as tired as my ears.
Galileo: Forget it, I don't need to justify myself to you.
<END DIALOGUE>

GARRICK - GALILEO 1
Garrick: Life is glorious. <use his voice file for this>
Galileo: Very truly I tell you, it is.
<END DIALOGUE>

GARRICK - GALILEO 2
Garrick: Tell me, Galileo, what is your favorite instrument?
Galileo: Ah, a tough choice, but I must go with the lute. And yourself?
Garrick: I find that the harp evokes emotions in myself and others that are otherwise unknown.
Galileo: Indeed. Stringed instruments get the ladies, Garrick.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - GARRICK 1
Galileo: It is good to venture alongside another man with a positive outlook and a taste for the more refined things in life.
Garrick: I could say the same to you, my friend.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - IMOEN 1
Galileo: The road is long and tedious, Imoen.
Imoen: Ya got that right.
Galileo: You seem like the type of girl who hates a dull moment... I suggest we entertain ourselves by practicing our pick pocketing skills on <CHARNAME>.
Imoen: Oh, phooey. I've done that so many times, Gali, it's gotten boring.
Galileo: Gali?
Imoen: Yup!
Galileo: I really hope that doesn't catch on.
Imoen: Me too, Gali. Me too.
Galileo: Wyvernspur, grant me patience and long-suffering in abundance...
Imoen: Who are ya talking to now?
<END DIALOGUE>

IMOEN - GALILEO 1
Imoen: Ya know, Gali, I had an imaginary friend once.
Galileo: *Sigh* I suppose Gali I am. What of your friend?
Imoen: She kept me company, since the monks in Candlekeep were so dull all the time. Never laughed at any of my jokes, 'specially not the practical ones...
Galileo: Why are you telling me this?
Imoen: 'Cause you were talking to your imaginary friend earlier, I heard ya.
Galileo: Imaginary friend? You mean -- ? I venerate him! Wyvernspur is a god. A deity!
<IF ELDOTH IS IN PARTY> Eldoth: Demi-power. One mustn't misconstrue such details.
Galileo: Whatever!
Imoen: Oh. I never heard of him.
Galileo: It's fine...
<END DIALOGUE>
<IF ELDOTH IS NOT IN PARTY> Imoen: Oh. I never heard of him.
Galileo: It's fine...
<END DIALOGUE>

TIAX - GALILEO 1
Tiax: Tiax rules all!
Galileo: Somehow I doubt that.
Tiax: You dare to question the dominion of Tiax?
Galileo: Why is it that you always speak in third person? I've respect for actors, but I must admit, your routine grows increasingly tiresome.
Tiax: The great and powerful Tiax acts for no one! For your mistake, Tiax will extend his mercy this day, but Tiax cannot guarantee such charity once he has ascended.
Galileo: I see that you are well and truly mad. I suppose I'd best keep my distance.
Tiax: Yes, that will suffice until the moment Tiax transcends time and space.
Galileo: *Sigh*
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - XAN 1
Galileo: It is your very own gloom that spells your doom, Xan.
Xan: I suggest that you worry about your own self-fulfilling prophecies, my glass-is-half-full-ling.
Galileo: What ever could possibly go wrong with a positive outlook?
Xan: What good would positive thinking do for an imprisoned individual? It certainly would not grant them the wings with which to escape, or the strength to break out of their cage.
Galileo: I would suggest that it is different to be a prisoner in spirit than a prisoner in actuality, Xan.
Xan: By all means, tell me as such again once you've been detained underground with no end in sight.
<END DIALOGUE>

BAELOTH - GALILEO 1
Baeloth: In The Pits, halflings like yourself were some of my favorites to throw in the arena. Always so cheery until they meet their first minotaur or beholder!
Galileo: Your fantasies sicken me, Baeloth.
Baeloth: Not fantasies! I will build my amphitheater empire once again, and in good time, I assure you!
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - NEERA 1
Galileo: I must admit, I never thought I'd see myself traveling alongside a Wild Mage.
Neera: Yeah, I guess you could say we're pretty rare.
Galileo: It's not that, so much as I prefer to be safe from my own party's magic. It seems like it should be a given. Not so with one such as you around.
Neera: Well, you can't end up any worse than the last halfling I tried to make friends with.
Galileo: What?
Neera: Oh, sorry, that sounded like a threat. I wasn't threatening you. You know, I'm not sure why I'm talking about this. I was on the run from High Forest, and it wasn't exactly one of my best moments.
Galileo: Okay then.
<END DIALOGUE>

GALILEO - NEERA 2
Galileo: I am determined to leave a better, more lasting impression than that last halfling fellow you mentioned. We're friends until the first fireball backfires and hits me, yes?
Neera: I can't make any promises about the fireball, but you've got yourself a deal.
<END DIALOGUE>

SHAR-TEEL - GALILEO 1
Shar-Teel: Out of my way, runt.
Galileo: Excuse me?
Shar-Teel: You're excused.
Galileo: You know, I really don't like you.
Shar-Teel: Don't make me laugh. I don't want or need your approval, nor the approval of any other pitiful man such as yourself.
<END DIALOGUE>
